Please create a motion that represents the power of the figure takes a few slighly hurried steps without raising their arms, it looks they are about to start running but haven't quite yet begun. to create a better world for all.
I need a motion that represents the power of a man steps forward, then picks something up with his right hand, then with his right hand, brings them close together, and sets them back down in the same order. to create progress. Can you generate it for me?
Describe the movements of a person walking down a flight of stairs in person walks up then takes a large step to their left and then goes back onto the same path they were on.
I need a motion that represents the power of a person lifts both hands above their head, moves both hands rapidly outwards and back to above their head, then lowers both arms. to create positive change in the fight against hunger and malnutrition. Can you generate it for me?
Generate a motion that embodies the idea of a person takes two steps forward, then walks sideways three steps, then walks forward diagonally and to the right three steps.
Give me a gesture that visualizes a person walks forward one foot in front of the other until he loses his balance and tilts far to the left then stumbles to his left.
Produce a movement that visualizes  Input: a person's right hand moves towards the ground, the left hand, left leg, and right leg touch the ground in order.  the person turns and starts the same movement beginning with the person's left hand.
I need a motion that represents the power of a person's squats down using mainly their right leg, their left leg crosses their right leg, and then they stand back up to create a better world for future generations. Can you generate it for me?
hands go to the chest moving back and forth, left hand place on the right upper arm as while as right hand is place on the left upper arm. describes the movements of someone practicing swing dance.
Create a sequence of movements that exemplifies person walks to the right then turns around and walks to the left before turning around and returning to starting position
Describe the movements of a person doing a plank in a person stands with arms out partway to each side, lifts his right leg, swings it forward briefly, then sweeps it in a semicircle behind him before moving it forward and standing again; he then repeats the action..
I would like to see the motion of a person is attempting to jump rope by hopping from one leg to the other as if running in place, but has to reset every two to three jumps.
Demonstrate a dance that symbolizes the feeling of the figure walks from the bottom right to the top left of the square, and bends down as if picking something up twice.  then it turns around.
I need a motion that represents the power of a man waves his hands from side to side then does a submersion move and passes his right hand from the top left to right lower. to create a better world for future generations. Can you generate it for me?
Give me a motion that reflects the idea of a person standing up throws something forward from above their head, then throws something again forward from above their head with more force which makes them take one step forward with their right foot.
Give me a motion that expresses a person walks to the right makes a u-turn clockwise and returns to the left of their initial position facing away
I need a motion that represents the transformation of a person makes a shaking motion in front of their face with their right hand and then makes the motion of picking up an object and taking a drink with their right hand.. Can you generate it for me?
Create a dance that symbolizes a person bends down to pick something up with their left arm, sets it down with their right arm, and then starts to pour something into it.
I want a motion that represents the power of a man gets up from the ground pushing off with his right hand then walks in a counter counterclockwise circle back to where he began then lays down flat on the ground on his back. to create positive change in the arts. Can you generate that?
Develop a movement that represents  Input: the person is in a sitting position with his arms in front them when they raise their arms out to the side, lower them, and raise their arms again before bringing them back to their original position.
Please create a motion that represents the power of someone put their arms on their chest, put one hand on their hip and put the other end out like a teapot, and then moved head around in a circle. to inspire change.
Describe the movements of a person doing a handstand press in the person throws out their right arm in front of them then brings both hands to their mouth before lowering them together to the center of their body..
Create a motion that depicts  Input: a person rotates their head, then rotates the arms from the shoulders left, right, then left, and then rotates the arms from the elbows in each direction.
Develop a motion that symbolizes a person lifts up their arm at a 120 degree angle twice and then reverts their arm to the opposite lower part of their body.
Describe the movements of a person walking down a flight of stairs in a person who is standing with his arms by his sides does three straight jumping jacks and returns to standing with his arms by his sides..
Please create a motion that represents the magic of the person steps a little wider than shoulder width apart first with their right foot, then with their left before squatting 4 times..
Please create a motion that represents the uniqueness of a man is mixing something infront of his body and seems to pick it up with his right hand and then proceed to mix it back. then picks it up with his left hand while standing still.
Create a motion for the caption: a person takes a step forward, squats down, places their left hand on the ground in front of them, moves their hand slightly counter counterclockwise then stands up.
Create a choreography for the caption: a person makes an underhanded throw with his right arm, as if rolling a ball, before raising both arms into the air as if throwing a ball, then he takes two steps back and runs forwards quickly.
Generate a motion that conveys a person does a single knee down with left leg with right leg stepping forward while raising right arm up to head level and placing its forearm in front of face, and then resume the original position.
I need a human motion that conveys the feeling of a person is holding his arms straight out to the sides then lowers them, claps, and steps forward to sit in a chair. Can you generate it for me?
Please create a motion that represents the chaos of subject is sitting flat on the ground feat straight in front then the subject stands straight up then sits back down with feet straight out in front again.
Show me a sequence of movements that evokes with hips swaying like a woman walking, this person takes 4 steps up the stairs, turns to the right on steps 5 & 6, then walks down the stairs in 4 more steps, walking back to where they started.
Develop a motion that captures the idea of a person who is standing with his arms extended at shoulder height drops his hands to his knees and holds that position before raising his arms to his original position.
Generate a dance that interprets  Input: a man walks forward and picks up an object with his right hand, then puts the object back down and steps backward.
Create a person squats down to the ground, picks up a box, then stands back up, and places the box on a higher surface. to describe a person playing volleyball.
Generate Motion: a person walks up to shake with their right hand, turns slightly right to shake again, and turns right again to shake for a final time.
Can you generate a motion that portrays a person steps forward with their left foot, then steps with their right foot, does a 180 degree turn to the right on their right foot, steps forward with their left foot and right again. in a realistic way?
Show me a motion that represents man stands holding both arms up at his sides at a right anglefor 7 seconds then brings both hands down together to his left side and squeezed an object.
Show me a gesture that conveys a person is standing and moves their arms up to their face to take a sip of something in their hand.
I want a motion that represents the power of the person is in a sitting position with his arms in front them when they raise their arms out to the side, lower them, and raise their arms again before bringing them back to their original position. to create positive change in the world. Can you generate that?
I want to see a motion that represents the pain of a person is appears to be holding a broom, left hand over right hand, and sweeps toward the left, and then starts rotating to the right while sweeping toward the right.. Can you generate that?
Generate a person steps forward and shakes both hands together in a begging manner, and then steps back. the person steps forward again and shakes both hands in a begging manner but more aggressively. for a person practicing bouldering.
I want a motion that represents the power of a person standing on one foot holds their left hand up while moving their right foot in a side to side motion. to create a better world. Can you generate that?
I want a motion that represents the power of starting from their left foot in the air, person stands ready with fists up then takes two swings with their right hand downward then two more high and to their right and finally two lefts downward mirroring the rights from before. to create positive change in the field of peacebuilding and conflict resolution. Can you generate that?
Create a sequence of movements that embodies the meaning of man reaches down to the left as to pick up item and then reaches to the right as if emptying item then replaces it to the left.
Create person turns around from front to rear and whilst holding his hand and arm stomach level then turns around again and goes to original position to describe a person performing a tap dance.
Show me a motion that exemplifies the sentiment of  Input: a person is running on the spot, then turns left and jabs with both arms, then turns right and continues running on the spot.
Demonstrate a dance that conveys  Input: a person who is standing with his arms by his sides jumps in place twice and then shifts his body right and left while remaining in place.
I need a motion that represents the power of a man is locking his hands behind his back and sweeping his legs left and right, in a dance like motion. to create progress. Can you generate it for me?
